Photo Finish by Polly Sweetman
Lisa works at Black and Sons
Black and Sons is a large company
Lisa works in the accounts department
The work is very important
but it is not very exciting
Your holiday is next week Lisa, are you excited?
Oh yes, I'm going to go with Alice
We're going to go to Greece
It will be fun
Perhaps something exciting will happen
Alice is Lisa's friend
Alice works for Black and Sons too
She works in the marketing department
Alice is an artist
She designs advertisements for Black and Sons
I want to work with Alice
I want to work in the marketing department
The marketing department is always busy
Everybody is very friendly
They have exciting jobs
Alice phones Lisa
They are going to get their passports today
They must go to the post office
Hi Lisa
Hello Alice
Let's meet at lunchtime
Then we can get our passports for our holiday
Okay, I'll meet you outside the office at 1230
Lisa and Alice are in the post office
The assistant gives the passport forms to the two friends
Please fill in these forms
Where are your passport photos?
Here are my photos
Oh no!
My photos aren't in my bag
My photos are at home
Lisa, you must go to the photo booth in the old bus station
You can get your photos there
Oh no!
I hate the old bus station
I don't want to go there
But you must get the photos today
Listen, I can fill in the forms
Go to the bus station Lisa
Go and get your photos
I'll wait for you here
Nobody goes to the bus station now
There is a new bus station in the centre of town
The old bus station is empty and dark
Lisa walks quickly
Her shoes make a loud noise on the ground
Then she sees the photo booth
There is nobody in the photo booth
Lisa is happy
She can get her photos quickly
Lisa goes into the photo booth
She puts her money into the machine
She closes the little curtain
She sits down
She waits
Flash
The camera is very quick
Now Lisa can get her passport today
Lisa goes outside the photo booth
Her photos will come out of a slot in the machine
Lisa, here's a noise
Some photos are coming out of the slot
Are they her photos?
No, it is too soon
Lisa's photos can't be ready
But who is in the photos?
There is nobody in the bus station
Nobody else is waiting for photos
Lisa is alone
Lisa takes the photos out of the slot
There is a man in the pictures
But something is wrong
She is frightened
The four photos show a murder
There is a man in the first photo
He is very large
He is wearing a black coat and a red scarf
The man is sitting in the photo booth
He is smiling
It is not a nice smile
It is a cruel smile
The man is in the second photo
The man is looking to the right
He is afraid
Something is happening in the third photo
Somebody is holding the man's scarf
Somebody is holding the man's scarf very tightly
The large man is pulling at his scarf
There is no man in the fourth photo
There are two hands
The hands are holding the red scarf
There is a ring on one of the hands
It is a strange ring
There is a snake on the ring
There is a tattoo on the other hand
It is a tattoo of a bird
The hands are the murderer's hands
Now Lisa is very frightened
The man with the red scarf is dead
But where is his body?
Where is the murderer?
Is the murderer in the bus station?
The photos show the murder
The murderer knows about the photos
The murderer will come back to the photo booth
He will want the photos
I'm in danger
Lisa and Alice are at the police station
They are telling their story to the police
They are showing the photos to a detective
She is very interested
The detective has a plan
I know the man in the photos
He is a criminal
Now he is dead
But we can catch his murderer
The murderer will go back to the photo booth
He will want his photos
But he will find your photos Lisa
He will look for you
You can help us Lisa
Lisa is in the bus station
She is walking towards the photo booth
She is going to get her photos
The police are in the bus station
They are hiding
They are watching Lisa
They are waiting for the murderer
Lisa walks slowly
She is very frightened
A man is standing by the photo booth
He is young and handsome
Is this the murderer?
The man sees Lisa
He smiles at her
He has a nice smile
He is holding some photos
Lisa sees his hands
She sees the snake ring
She sees the bird tattoo
The police catch the murderer
The detective is pleased
Lisa is safe
Thank you for your help Lisa
Well done Lisa
It is exciting to catch criminals
Exciting? No
It is very frightening
But everything is ok now
We are going on holiday
It will be fun
Yes
Perhaps something exciting will happen
Thank you
Lisa